Add customer success manager position (#53)
sourcegraph/careers: job-descriptions/customer-success-manager.md

![logo](https://sourcegraph.com/.assets/img/sourcegraph-light-head-logo.svg)

# Customer Success Manager (San Francisco or remote)

### About us

Sourcegraph's mission is to enable every software developer to create products using the best technology. The innovations of the future will all rely on software, and we want to bring the future sooner by building the best tools that help developers answer questions about their code. You can learn more about our mission by reading [our master plan](https://sourcegraph.com/plan).

Our values:

- **Inclusivity**. To build a product that serves the needs of all developers, we are building a diverse team that is distributed across the world. Sourcegraph is an equal opportunity workplace; we welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.

> - **Openness**. We are an [open company](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/open_source_open_company): our code, our product roadmap, and our company processes are public. This transparency helps us rapidly gather feedback from our customers so we can iterate, learn, and deliver the best product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Openness**. We are an [open company](https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/open_source_open_company): our code, our product roadmap, and our company processes are public. This transparency helps us rapidly gather feedback from our customers so we can iterate, learn, and deliver the best product.
```

(See https://github.com/sourcegraph/careers/pull/55.)

> - **Progress**. We make continuous progress on our product and our business. Check out [our product roadmap](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/roadmap) to see what we are working on next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Progress**. We make continuous progress on our product and our business. Check out [our product direction](https://about.sourcegraph.com/direction) to see what we are working on next.
```

(See https://github.com/sourcegraph/careers/pull/55.)
